Be a contrarian and watch your career and your net worth take off.
There's that old cliche — you want to buy low, sell high.
But Warren Buffett really summarized it beautifully when he said,
"You want to be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful."
Basically, do the opposite in many situations.
And so, if everybody is buying a stock,
don't buy that stock along with them because who's the incremental buyer after you?
There's not that many people.
You want to be long-term focused.
Number one, Warren Buffett said, "The longer the view,
the wiser the intention."
And remember that quote from him.
He said that the New York Stock Exchange is
the only store where consumers sell stuff when it goes on sale.
And so you want to be contrarian — you want to,
you want to buy stuff that nobody wants and you want to sell stuff that everybody wants.
I know it sounds simplistic but if you're a contrarian in business and life,
you'll be very successful in the long run.